Hey, I'm sitting here with Brandy and we're about to get started on this next lesson.
So, I want to ask you a couple of questions real quick, before we get started.
Throughout this lesson, we're going to be talking about
the blockchain as a dataset and comparing it to
traditional databases and I was wondering if you could
explain why that's an important thing to even understand?
Yeah, that's an excellent question.
So, right now, we have traditional datasets that we're all comfortable with.
With blockchain, it's a new way to look at a dataset. It's immutable.
So, we're going to look at the fundamental difference
between traditional datasets and blockchain datasets.
So, we can actually start working with it.
Yeah, there's definitely certain limitations that the blockchain has,
but there's some incredible things that it can do.
So, it's great to hear how we can compare it to traditional database.
Another thing I was wondering is in this lesson, we're taking a step back,
still I'm talking about conceptual things rather than
really diving in and starting to program and I was
wondering if you had any insights on why it's important that
we really understand this before we move ahead?
Without a doubt, there's some differences
and we need to understand those fundamental differences.
So in this lesson,
we're really hoping to set the fundamental values of
blockchain as a different means of a dataset that we're going to work with.
After all, the goal here is for
a decentralized ledger that is replicatable amongst nodes, right?
Peer to peer network. So, a lot of different ways of working with this dataset,
this can just take just a little bit of time to understand those fundamentals.
All right, thanks Brandy.
So, keep that in mind as we go through the rest of the lesson.
Next, we're going to start off by comparing a blockchain to a traditional dataset.
So I'll see you there.